Describe the apiKey, width and height options in dxMap (#1572)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxMap/1 Configuration/apiKey/apiKey.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A key to authenticate the application within a map provider.

Reviewer: - The application or the widget?
- What the String type is for?

Author: 1. The widget (component), since there can be several Map instances. I'll fix it.
2. Provider can be changed at runtime. This will require the map to find the needed key in an object. But developer might know that there's only one map in an application or the provider won't be changed for some other reason. In this case, the developer can specify the key as a string

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A key to authenticate the component within a map provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keys to authenticate the component within map providers.
```

---

> If you have more than one map provider in your application, specify the keys in the object fields. Otherwise, specify the key as a string.

Reviewer: - Added "as shown below" to connect the description with the code sample.
- "specify the key as a string" - multiple keys are specified as strings too, since they are strings.

```suggestion
If you have more than one map provider in your application, specify the keys in the object fields as shown below. Otherwise, you can assign the key directly to the **apiKey** property.
```
